welcome to your space we are trend
with 5 I am sam recorded by and blogger and
I will show you how to turn 5 today
Give volume and movement to your hair
creating perfect natural waves for
any occasion it is important that the
towel absorb moisture from your hair
try not to rub it as you can
destroy what you remember unraveling
hair from stockings to ends once
unraveled at the bottom
continue with the root
do not forget to apply a product that
moisturize and prepare your hair for
heat can be a very light oil
argan or a moisturizer
any of these three products is a
most today to get better
results we will use a comb with
thin handle let's draw a line
straight by selecting in two parts the
top if yours is used stripe
hand back the same way to
it is very well defined
later use the same comb
to divide the top of the
lower as if you made an average
tail that simple and the truth to me yes
more than easier to use my fingers then
I have little hair and it is very thin
Take a clamp with medium teeth for
hold what you just split
and so we will do it a couple of times more
to leave the necessary hair and
start drying it attached to your hair
with another clamp to prevent entanglement
I'm going to use a round brush to
thin hair my anna dryer is not
will my professional and a diffuser for
protect my hair from the heat
the dryer has three speeds
and three temperatures for my hair
we will use both in number two of
medium level thanks to my ions
super nano the increasingly dry very fast and
It does not burn at all since I'm
using the diffuser that protects it
dry all the sections that previously
divide to continue begins from
bottom up once you get to
the middle part continues on the sides
of your hair and always combing it with
the brush inside toward the tips
here it gives you a very good type if what
You want to create volume without frizz passes
the dryer on the root just drying
this will give him body in movement
creating that light volume that everyone
we like it if what you want is a
100% straight hair then spent the
brush perfectly from the root
until the tips comb my fringe with
the brush analyzing it up to
Through the heat I will achieve volume and
create the natural waves that so much
like finally I'll fix it with cold air
same that will allow my change to
hold in place
dry and ready my hair frizz
beautiful no
once dry I will select my hair
again dividing the top
from the bottom as we did
previously doing a half tail
subject to my hair again with the
pinza and I leave the hand the section that
reese I will do next I will use my
turbo hit dog of 5 I love it because
It has different thicknesses for
different effects I will use the 32 and
the same 25 millimeters that I
allow you to create waves in that and much more
open to use the ferro is
very important to use the glove of
Synthetic fibers do not worry this
well in your kit the hill reaches
very high temperatures that can call
your hair and in an oversight to your skin
so be very careful to fit the
dog you just have to notice that the
two arrows match and after
listen to a click will be ready
connect it and raise the temperature
want to use with my hair is
slim it would raise it to 180 degrees it would take
approximately 5 centimeters of hair
and entangle it by tensioning it very well
until you reach the tip it has become tangled
turn the handle of the ferro with direction
to my head and I count 10 to 20 seconds
this will depend on the intensity of the curl
that you want to get
once ready to push with my other hand
the curl down and the same of the other
side although in this case apply a little
of spray or spray so that the wave
is defined much more will help me from the comb
to straighten it and place the lock of
hair in the ferro starting at
central part towards the tips
again the handle towards the
head and we have 10 to 20 seconds
I love these waves really are
much more defined but without being
Caireles or wrist curls that all
more hits the reality is that the dog
It leaves super natural waves and very
stylized for today
as you can see it is not complicated
you, like me, will perform the
same steps of dividing the hair for
curl it remember it very careful with
use very high temperatures and take
the ferro without protection I recommend them
Do not undo the hair areas until
fix them with a little spray once
at room temperature if you catch the
words the wave as natural as possible
you will love your hair as much as I
this to the other tutorials that I'm
preparing for you do not miss them